Add block for tuned models in Gemini (#895)
firebase/genkit: docs/plugins/google-genai.md

  ]
});
```

> ## Fine-tuning models
> 
> You can use models fine-tuned with the Google Gemini API.  Follow the instructions from the [Gemini API](https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/model-tuning/tutorial?_gl&lang=python) or fine-tune a model using [AI Studio](https://aistudio.corp.google.com/app/tune).
> 
> The tuning process uses a Base Model, for example `Gemini 1.5 Flash` and your provided examples to create a new tuned model.  Rememer the based model used, and copy the new model's id.
> 
> When calling the tuned model in Genkit, use the Base Model as the `model` parameter, and pass the tuned model's id as part of the `config` block. For example, if you used `Gemini 1.5 Flash` as the base model, and got model id `tunedModels/my-example-model-apbm8oqbvuv2` you can call it with a block like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fine-tuned models

You can use models fine-tuned with the Google Gemini API.  Follow the instructions from the [Gemini API](https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs/model-tuning/tutorial?lang=python) or fine-tune a model using [AI Studio](https://aistudio.corp.google.com/app/tune).

The tuning process uses a base model&mdash;for example, Gemini 1.5 Flash&mdash;and your provided examples to create a new tuned model.  Remember the base model you used, and copy the new model's ID.

When calling the tuned model in Genkit, use the base model as the `model` parameter, and pass the tuned model's ID as part of the `config` block. For example, if you used Gemini 1.5 Flash as the base model, and got the model ID `tunedModels/my-example-model-apbm8oqbvuv2` you can call it with a block like the following:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
```
